Nails to the ribs
Too much blood loss.
Excuse me, ma'am.
Tell me what the festival is.
My child is so obedient.
He just talked to me.
I heard you.
How could he die?
The doctor.
My husband told me.
Tell him he's only slightly injured.
Did you look at it wrong?
Take a look again.
The doctor.
Help him.
The baby's blood is dry.
Excuse me, ma'am.
The old man couldn't do anything.
It's impossible.
Why did you leave me?
Safe.
This baby.
It scared the hell out of me.
The military is not very good.
That's right.
Take this money.
Buy him some food, let him replenish his health.
You gave me so much money.
Does God blame you?
No.
My son is the lord.
Her family is well off.
Being human is the nicest.
She won't care.
I don't know how to thank you, I'm a daughter of God, you and I are mortal sinners.
Once discovered.
Of course not.
I have told the outside that you are my compatriot.
Even the child does not know your true identity.

Where are you going?
I'm a little worried about An An.
I'll come back and have a look first.
You saved me!
I'm afraid he'll leave me.
Don't be afraid.
I'm not going.
You're still there.
"You still can't find me, let's just take your body home."
This child was terrified during his days of hiding.
It's always a nightmare now.

Thank you, without you
I don't know what my mother and daughter will do.
Hoai An
Hug enough?